Updating OnlineVoicemailPolicy and OnlineVoicemailUserSettings (#9423)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsOnlineVoicemailUserSettings.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CallAnswerRule
The CallAnswerRule parameter represents the value of the call answer rule, which can be any of the following:

- DeclineCall
- PromptOnly
- PromptOnlyWithTransfer
- RegularVoicemail
- VoicemailWithTransferOption

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: Microsoft Teams, Skype for Business Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultGreetingPromptOverwrite
The DefaultGreetingPromptOverwrite parameter represents the contents that overwrite the default normal greeting prompt.

> If user normal custom greeting is not set and DefaultGreetingPromptOverwrite is not empty, voicemail service will play this overwrite greeting instead of default normal greeting in voicemail deposit scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user's normal custom greeting is not set and DefaultGreetingPromptOverwrite is not empty, the voicemail service will play this overwrite greeting instead of the default normal greeting in the voicemail deposit scenario.
```

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: Microsoft Teams, Skype for Business Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultOofGreetingPromptOverwrite
The DefaultOofGreetingPromptOverwrite parameter represents the contents that overwrite the default out-of-office greeting prompt.

> If user out-of-office custom greeting is not set and DefaultOofGreetingPromptOverwrite is not empty, voicemail service will play this overwrite greeting instead of default out-of-office greeting in voicemail deposit scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user's out-of-office custom greeting is not set and DefaultOofGreetingPromptOverwrite is not empty, the voicemail service will play this overwrite greeting instead of the default out-of-office greeting in the voicemail deposit scenario.
```
